Mom, wait here for a while
You'll find out later
Oh, old man, look how grand this is
Since my eyes were healed
I can see clearly
Mom and Dad, I told you
I'll let you see it with your own eyes
All the good things in this world
Mr. Xu is ready
Uncle aunt
Ouch Qinger
You're here too
What about Xu Feng?
Why did he leave you two here?
He has something to do
Went out with his friends
Then I'll stay here with you
Auntie since your eyes were cured
Fleshy body
That's great.
Hahaha, you really can talk.
People are kind and beautiful
It never occurred to me.
Our family has such a good girlfriend as you
Hahaha yes
When are you two getting married?
Oh, dear.
He hasn't proposed to me yet.
I'm still waiting for someone
Qing'er, don't worry.
Wait for the wind to come back
I'll let him do it right away
We won't treat you badly.
Yes, I won't treat you badly.
How did they get here?